So are you successful using our recipes every year and replicating this part in the code as often as
needed and fill it with the data for the recipe.
Now clearly we need ngi for four days.
So let's add Engy for this is the directive which allows us to repeat code in our template.
And here I want to loop through all the recipes.
So I will actually create a local variable named recipe.
This name is totally up to you.
That will simply store the recipe of each iteration in our loop and I will loop through all the recipes.
So fruiterer's recipes property we created here in the types could file.
Now with that I'll also bring this into new lines here to make it a bit easier to read with that everywhere
inside this energy for loop.
So everywhere here we can use this recipe now.
So let's use it to output the name.
We can use string interpellation for dat.
Strict interpretation as we learned allows us to put some text anywhere in our template.
Now we got the single recipe but that's going to be an object looking like our model because remember
the recipes array simply holds an array of our recipes.
So a single item simply looks like this.
It has a name a description and image Poth while with this information we can of course access the name
here like this.
And for that description we can replace this with a recipe description.
So we're going to use the property names.
We set up here in the model and of course you have to use the ones here at the top of course because
down there these are only the constructor argument names.
They are not available outside of this model.
So that's the name and description.
Now about that image first of all for that that text here that's a normal age HTML attribute of course.
I will use strange ablation to output some text your the recipe name maybe.
But regarding the image source itself and I'm just splitting this over multiple lines to make it a bit
easier to read regarding that source we can follow two approaches.
You can either use string and jubilation here to output recipe image puffier.
And that should work fine.
Or as an alternative you cannot use the attribute plus string interpolation but you could bind to the
source property itself.
And now here you don't add curly braces.
Instead just recipe image path.
Because now we're using property binding and not string interpolation anymore.
So here is a great example of where you may use both string interpellation with the normal HDMI attribute
or not using the attribute but directly binding to the Source property of the image and then just putting
in a valid expression returning what this property expects in this case a string between quotation marks.
Now I will go with the property binding approach here and since I can't comment this out in here without
breaking the element I'm going to remove it.
But I want you to keep in mind that both approaches would work.
With that let's save and see if we see something and actually that looks pretty good but looks like
the image I chose does not support deep linking so that's nice.
Probably good for them.
Let me quickly pick a different image then.
So I ended up with picking this image here then.
So you can see it here.
And now we get the list working.
This is the style I want to have.
Of course it doesn't do anything I click it.
But that's something we can add and a future for now.
Their recipe list component is taking shape.
I want to add one more thing though I don't want to have this button sit directly on top of this list.
So what I quickly do in my recipe list component here between the button and the list I can simply add
a horizontal line to have a little bit of a well spacing in between and to nice separation.
So that's the latest and you should see that if you add more items to that list that it automatically
grows.
So by simply duplicate this because I'm lazy you should see the same recipe twice a year.
So that's working great.
Now let's work on the details section next.